*Heavy breathing* Not even close baby! Technoblade never diesss!
Technoboat.
A child.
Officer, I drop kicked that child in self defense!
 o7
I don't think party games is about winning, I think it's about winning by as much as possible to absolutely demoralize your enemies. That's what it's all about.
'One day, we'll look back at where we started, and be amazed by how far we've come...'' 
THIS IS NOT DOING MUCH TO CHANGE MY POLITICAL OPINIONS
Most opportunities are created by luck . It takes skills to grasps those opportunities and turn it into success
fundy bring them back.
WEAPONS ARE FOR CASUALS!
 ''You see all of these look like challenges in life that we just don't think we can do, but once you just walk up there and punch them, they just don't respawn
We don't have pants and we're slapping people with our meat.
I love killing people
I was usin' an advanced technique called LYING
AY CARAMBA DONDE ESTA LA BIBLIOTECA
As I looked at the map  I saw it filled it with my peers, people I have known for years, did I really have it in me to rat 2 of them out for a measly refrigerator? Yes

I had to take a break from drowning to get a glass of water.
If hypixel has taught me anything, is that if you have a problem the answer is slavery,
KNOCK KNOCK IT'S THE UNITED STATES WITH THE AIR SUPPORT
Any world domination plan, we're stealing resources from Africa
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
Technoblade never dies!!!
NOT EVEN CLOSE BABYYYY TECHNOBLADE NEVER DIES!!!
I immediately headed to the safest place I know, Afghanistan
Love is aggressive. Love is unexpected. Love attacks from the skies.
 ''Am I gonna die to batman?!''
 ''This exposes the need for me to increase the critical thinking capacity of my viewers. That's what I need to focus my 
karl heisenberg
bruh
HEH??
This is the second worst thing that has happened to these orphans
Sometimes it's tough being the best
I steal your kill, I steal your life
WE HAVE TO KILL THE FAKE TREES TO SAVE THE REAL ONES
'I can't wait to claim the whole world and tell everyone to hippity hoppity get off my property.''
I had no expectations, and I still managed to be disappointed.
Not a word. 
He has no eyes, he sees through echolocation. And he's also deaf.
Help, Deo, I'm being chased by a minority
I just praised Jesus and I'm not even Christian!
I wasn't sure if intentional sleep deprivation was legally considered torture or not.
i require funny spanish man.
But Technoblade, where have you been all this time? Well you see, i was farming potatoes. That was not a joke
But Technoblade cut his head off, and present it to his children as a warning.''
i wonder how far i can dropkick a dog that small. :/
 ''If you mean verbally, that doesn't count because that requires intellect and not like.. /op
This is like being friends with the school shooter
I've seen Irish famines with more potatoes than this farm.
You see, I was using an advanced strategy called LYING
Never reveal all your techniques in a youtube video. You fool. You moron. - Sun Tzu, the art of War
Quotes [General Knowledge] lol 
NEEEEERD!
/BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
/BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
/BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
Not even close
 ''Casuals''
Tehnoblade never dies
 ''Subscribe to Technoblade!''
shhhhhhhh I need cobblestone
Are you trying to take me hostage Tommy? Do you think this is a good idea?
That man had a family, and it's just gone now.
You're lesbian?! THATS SO COOL!
Quotes [Minecraft Monday]
Quotes [Minecraft Monday]
residentsleeper
 ''BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!''
BruUUuuUUuUuuh
You know what he had a family but did you know who didn't have a family? the orphans that are helped by the miracle foundation donate food lucky blocks
Quotes [Not YouTube]
 ''the second worst thing to ever happen to those orphans'' 
the penalty for losing is death
s
yo wtf thanos killed dumbledore im crying
/AY CARAMBA DONDE ESTA LA BIBLIOTECA/
Im only getting by by the skin of my teeth, and teeth dont even have skin, thats how you know its messed up!
Sometimes people tell me, hey Techno, your ego is getting a bit out of hand. Well I think theyre just jealous of how perfect I am
Oh, I didnt kill pigs for these porkchops, my slaves did. By slaves, I mean minions, but they work for no pay, labor 24/7 and have no rights... so, slaves.
And you dont need to pull out your calculator, 30 is a much lower number than 80, I checked, I did the math.
Look, I'm an atheist, but when God sends me to Hell I want him to hesitate
So POG
Those that have treated me with kindness, I will repay that kindness tenfold- AND THOSE THAT TREAT ME WITH INJUSTICE. That used me. That hunt me down. THAT HURT MY FRIENDS... I shall repay that injustice a thousand times over
Those that have treated me with kindness, I will repay that kindness tenfold- AND THOSE THAT TREAT ME WITH INJUSTICE. That used me. That hunt me down. THAT HURT MY FRIENDS... I shall repay that injustice a thousand times over
pog
This is such a bruh moment,
Technoplane
A lesbian reffered to me as actually pretty funny
I don't know what to do with power, I just seek it.
Dream SMP quotes
it stays in the pit
So I have heard democratically elected goverments and oo im up for that 
You want to be a hero tommy? THEN DIE LIKE ONE! :)
I'M A PERSON TOMMY! DISCS aren't PEOPLE!
Tommy, the thing is, you're using words... but the thing about this world, Tommy. is that the only universal language is violence... and we've had that conversation. We've spoken that language in the pit. It's over, Tommy. Onto a new day, a new plot, to destroy L'manburg.
I'm enjoying the show, Tommy (Tommy: what show?) The clown circus!
Q-Quackity, they weren't always orphans...
I HAVE A PICKAXE AND I'LL PUT IT THROUGH YOUR TEETH, I'LL PUT IT THROUGH YOUR TEETH QUACKITY!
good things dont happen to heroes
 WELCOME HOME, THESEUS 
Tommy, the adults are speaking
Tommy, don't be scared he doesn't have no house
Stop crying, we're trying to get in the animatics
I forgot to ping the rich people
Hitting me is just a poor life policy
Arson pog
Im so used to being a wanted criminal and then I just got rid of the country that had a bounty on me, and all my problems were solved
(wilbur logs on and sees potato farm) Wilbur: how long have you been on techno. Techno: I haven't logged off. Wilbur: th-thats 14 hours.
Revolution waits for no man.
dream: I have a house but you wouldn't know it, its far far away. Techno: Yeah sure, you wouldn't know my house it goes to another school
Oh no, was i dishonorable about the 1v30 thats going to happen
Please dont make me kill all of you
MY AUDIENCE RETENTION!
(dream walks into house) Techno: 15 million subscribers have just walked into my house
Tommy and Sapnap: lets call this the battle of the lake. Techno: theres a tower right there
(getting killed by everyone) Talking is a free action people
(after killing Tubbo) I was subjected to mild amounts of peer pressure
(tommy is lost and techno looks at tommy's stream) don't worry, i recognize that tree
I'm collecting gunpowder for peaceful reasons
(when quackity is stealing techno's horse) no one would be foolish enough to seek their own death in that fashion
Quackity: but say if you did get back and your horse was gone, what would you do? Techno: I'm going to stab so many orphans, and you're going to be one of them.
If I have a problem, I just stab it
CaptainPuffy: I think he outsmarted your trap Techno: yeah he hit the spacebar, that's one of the strongest strategies in the game
You wanna be a hero Tommy?!? THEN DIE LIKE ONE!
I'm a human GPS
You won't know my house?? it goes to another school!`
oH i loVE ravagErs!
I dont ominously show up at your house and look at your suspicious checklists- DO I?
Y'know we could fix global warming if we blew up the sun. The globe would cool right off
Everyone would hate me for it, but hear me out, it would be funny 
Thats the first step to world domination, were stealing resources from Africa
The moral of the story is, when I get bored I do mean things to other people
Dude these orphans are being destroyed
This is the second worst thing that has happened to these orphans in their lives
Fear is a great motivator
As a person who went to college I know you can't lose something you never had, but you can go into debt
I've got my own figurine now, I'm like batman except I still have parents
The only thing that works in this world, is that you treat others, as they treat you. Those that have treated me with kindness, I will repay that kindness ten fold. And those that treat me with injustice, that use me, that hunt me down and hurt my friends, I will repay that injustice a thousand times over.
Revolution waits for no man.
[Sadly] You're making me kill the ravager?
Quackity: And what does the 'B' in Vitamin B stand for?   Techno: BROKE!
BECOME A CHANNEL MEMBER TODAY ENDORSED BY DREEEEEAAAAMMMM!!!!!
I had no expectations and I still managed to be disappointed, welcome to Bedwars
I immediately headed to the safest place I knew, Afghanistan
I need to increase the thinking capacity of my viewers... but on second thought, they might not watch me play Minecraft (cyberbullying children with my new computer)
Im only getting by by the skin of my teeth, and teeth dont even have skin, thats how you know its messed up! (Cant remember video)
Sometimes people tell me, hey Techno, you ego is getting a bit out of hand. Well I think theyre just jealous of how perfect I am(Also cant remember)
Oh, I didnt kill pigs for these porkchops, my slaves did. By slaves, I mean minions, but they work for no pay, labor 24/7 and have no rights... so, slaves. (one of his skyblock videos)
And you dont need to pull out your calculator, 30 is a much lower number than 80, I checked, I did the math. (Also one of his skyblock vids)
ruthless materialism
They think they're right, because they're the many, and i'm the few. And they think that gives them the right to walk over me.The Fallout
Those that have treated me with kindness, I will repay that kindness tenfold- AND THOSE THAT TREAT ME WITH INJUSTICE. That used me. That hunt me down. THAT HURT MY FRIENDS... I shall repay that injustice a thousand times over
If you wish to defeat me, train for another 500 years!
Now, I know what you're gonna say: Technoblade, you monster! You really killed millions of your own kind just to make a sword?. And it- look, look, look, come on, you gotta understand.
BAH BAH BAH
HEHhhHh?!!?